I just want to show you this place
called Shoreditch house if you ever get
the chance to go there you should it got
a freakin swimming pool on the roof it's
just up there very cool you can see it
if you come to the park there are the
weights where is the bear it has been
about past doors but I'm convinced it's
these background ones like Emily said
that are the best the black guy which
one's your favorite do you know tell me
to keep them and those of my mind is
both good and bad
this
Veta so we've stopped off in Shoreditch
at we admire Theo's awesome t-shirt
company money tell us a bit about it the
idea is expression through some few
operations and admiring a lighter 3f
right now but you could be admiring
Commission with Tesla the Voyager
spacecraft more than me for in this
circumstance gene sharp the American
academic you put a spring in the Arab
step and Theo also sorted us out with a
bunch of furniture when we just turned
up in Georgia to new no one so givi owes
in massive credit for that guy's trip
down memory lane back on Leonard Street
so we are on the first floor give these
first office after we got out of the
accelerator and we're all crammed in
there I was sleeping on the floor like
three nights a week and then for
breakfast we'll go down the road to the
book club
I feel fine
I'll see if I'm sent me a line bring me
desire but cheeky orange juice dousing
the Sun now love this guy
bring me a motion bottle of
I'm set
bring me design
one point in it
yeah
humanity they must be putting something
in that hora introduced because I just
got beer very strange there at 13 from
the channel one of the things I love is
learning and sharing the basics of
different various different kinds of
activities so I want to show you
everything you need to know how to start
things out tennis in one minute
firstly it's the 21 points normally you
get five cents each some people
interpret more but that's something how
we've been to their side you know three
things that you need to remember one the
most tech thing thing to do about the
way you get people is number two
destroy them the language yeah that's
the way to take them short to the right
push them to the left and up on the
floor reviews women and the third thing
is most people bottle a horribly when it
comes to the final few points in the
game so just try to imagine what if
you're winning winning that it's just
like any other point that is it giving
an app that gives your bowl and you'll
be fine
my flippin love toilets in places my
hotels and restaurants don't know what
it is but I guess it's where you see
whether they really believe their brand
whether it's through and through all the
way and today's toilet that they is
certainly the book clubs doing that
check it out shabby chic Shoreditch
sprawled over
just arrived in the Hoxton bar grill
ready for my team core and a cheeky
little coffee
they rattle around our heads but yet
they're always said astray so underneath
the spell so hard to break a step out of
the darkness so my mind can finally wake
up from
slumber been sleeping
up until now I've been very happy for
people to say I look like Matt Damon
though he's letting the team down now
it's not quite the porn is it worth the
sweat have no regret and stop living
life in fear
forgot just how much hardship we can
save
but what's about some mother's will
who is still rape no I wish that this
would stop for heaven's sake
those if you still yet to come with play
with your faith
not long
until we keep on my
Kingdom as a middle name that is a
pretty savage middle name
that's the end of my first day of
logging guys thanks for coming with me
today I appreciate it
let me know in the comments like what
you thought or you like see more or less
of I'm only just getting started with
this stuff so I need your help
I know all boring and what's not yeah
your response to my first intro video
has been fantastic so I really
appreciate that and look forward to
journey with you so I'm off for dinner
with a friend and I'll catch you soon I
won't be blogging every day my life's
not as interesting as Louise but you'll
catch me soon those out and let me know
what you want to see and we'll try and
make it happen so thanks very much take
care